I could hear the whole shoot in my head
it was all there til notice much about
to get it out it's a little bit funny
the same thing inside would you say your
name was again my name is Reginald
Dwight Reginald
that's my granddad's name that is a fat
boy from nowhere get to be a song man
got to kill the person you were born to
be in order to become the person you
want to be I'm thinking of changing my
name to Elton that's my name yeah you
can be the best-selling artist America
if you deserve
who's trying to do something bold why
are you so something flashy
can you even play the piano in those
I know you are
and just don't kill yourself with drugs
so how does it feel to be a stop
it's never gonna last just enjoy it
while we can
[Music]
first thing arrange escape all of this
is going I just hope you realize you're
choosing a night for being alone forever
you don't want to just sing without this
ridiculous paraphernalia people don't
pay to see rich life they pay to see
Elton John
sorry
[Music]
do you care how much pressure I'm under
not really I'll still be collecting my
20% along after you've killed yourself
[Music]
I should have tried to be more ordinary
he would never ordinary
[Music]
most shine little boy you mother they
look at you now
[Music]